Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
My name is Dmitri--
Speak English!
Hands up!
Get out of the bed! Both of you!
Now. down the stairs.
Cooperate and nothing
will happen to you.
On your knees.
Now!
I love you.
You like it down here. don't you?
Shut up! Stop talking to each other.
- I told you to shut up!
- I love you.
Say it one more time. I dare you.
I love you.
Volkov!
You fucking bastard!
Do you want to be next faggot?
- What is wrong with you?
- Shut your mouth.
Since when do you speak English?
Papa. How did you get this number?
I'm in the city. I'd like to see you.
I might not agree with you.
but I did not write the laws
that put you at risk.
Your mother misses you.
She worries about you.
Not knowing whether you're
alive or dead.
I know you think this is love.
but if they loved you.
they wouldn't put you in harm's way.
Tell me where you are.
I'll come get you.
I'm sorry.
I don't know how he got this number.
The people I work for--
Sometimes I wonder if we'll make
it out of here alive.
The woman I clean for is a
massive bitch.
You should see the apartment.
If there weren't cameras everywhere.
I would have cooked for you
there tonight.
It must be stressful having so much.
Always worrying if someone
will steal it from you.
At least we don't have to worry about that.
One of the women I clean with...
Her brother could only afford one jump.
but then they found someone to jump him.
his wife and their daughter.
The three of them together.
Wait.
Let him in.
Is this really the life you've chosen?
I thought you came to apologize.
I know you think you're in love.
You forget. I grew up in your house.
I know what your version of love is.
You may be infatuated
with impossible romance.
but if she truly loved you.
she wouldn't drag you into this.
I know I don't have to tell you
what the authorities would do
if they found you.
Is this really worth the risk?
There's a man who can get us
passage to England.
Whomever has offered you this.
you can't trust them.
We will pay him.
With what money?
Is it wrong that I want to help you?
The authorities will kill you
if you don't come with me.
- You have to come with me.
- What have you done?
It was only a matter of time
until they found you!
What have you done?
Stay down. Listen and obey.
What is this?
Where did it all come from?
I'm not leaving you!
We're not splitting.
We shouldn't split up.
Don't tell me what to do.
I think you should jump.
You speak better English.
I'm afraid I'll never see you again.